Hi, guys.
Worker M in the last lecture.
We created this widget called Circle Animation.
Okay, so now this lecture, we're going to use this widget.
Okay, now to do this, we're going to need to go back to the video screen and now we can use control
and B to make this work.
Okay.
Regular reason this right after this column widget, you can see, okay, this column widget and is
basically for this suit that is the share and this test of here.
Okay.
So right after AIDS, we are going to have the circle.
Circle.
On the mission.
You can see now it was just a positive value to that child we have over there.
Okay.
So now what we can do is we can have is size books.
But rather than do it doing it here.
What we can do is we can commit this for now.
So we are going to be able to format our code.
Okay.
We can commit this.
And over here.
Okay.
Before the override, they're going to have they're going to create a function.
Yes.
And we can call this function build music.
Music album album.
You can basically call this anything you desire, and over year you're going to pass in the five foot
two away efforts and we can specify the guitar type.
It is a type of string and now we can return.
We can return what is sized books.
You can see the size books or something similar like that of the container this size books.
And we're going to give the size bus a hard so you can see we as we'll have the height property we can
give it CC and weight of 60 as well.
Okay.
And now we can then have inside.
I think we need a semicolon since this is the hand of this code.
Okay.
And the child is going to be a column which is.
Hello Widgets.
And as you know, the column can take multiple widgets as this.
Okay.
Now the first chart can also be a size box.
Since we still need to have access to the height and width.
And as you know, the height and width is also available in the size box.
So we can as well use a size box.
But the problem is we need to tie.
Like have some rounded shape around the image.
I know that to have that we need to style it.
Right.
Okay.
And the problem is the size box does not have any property like decoration.
Okay, so for this purpose, we're gonna need what's a container?
So you can see there's a major difference between a size box and a container.
The containers also have the height property and as well the width property, but the container has
the decoration and which the size box does not have.
Okay, so now you're going to be given the width of the image that says we're going to have an image,
then we want some roundish shape around that image.
Okay.
So we're going to say 50 and.
Heights of 50 as well.
Okay.
And like I said, we can then have the decoration.
And that's the reason we have to use the container.
It's just not available in this size box.
If not, we can just as well use it has most of the case size like embossed decoration.
And now what we can do is we can have sucralose within the image.
Okay.
So now that we have multiple colors, again, going to is something known as gradients.
And this is the way linea.
Linea gradient.
Okay.
This is going to take some list of colors that we have in the list of our as we can now be true comma
and is constraint necessary.
Okay.
Now different color is going to be colors.
That's grey.
Hopefully now against big gray.
And the second colors because that's whites.
Okay, great.
And what we can do is we can add it our via so we know where it ends.
Okay.
Now it's in the box.
Decoration.
We can give this container.
If we can make it a bit rounded.
So we tend to buzz decoration outside this.
Okay, we can then have the butter but a videos and this is going to put a reduced.
The circle are for all sides.
We can say 24 and added Shaniqua out of my youth contract SSA.
Okay.
And now we can within the sorry, outside the box decoration within the container, we can then have
a child.
And you can even do it over here.
You can also have the child over here, like I said, must be within the container.
Okay.
You can see we can't save because we have this error, and that's the reason we have to commit this
house.
Okay.
And over here we can have the child and the child is going to be something known as clip.
All right.
What is with the is it we give some roundish shape around our image clip our it's arrow double arrows
to take note of that and we can as we have the border radius to make sure it is clipped.
To make sure it is clipped around and whether it is a secular.
Of 24 as well.
So it's a four and a value added trachoma.
And within the clip it it has a property known as child and the child is going to be image.
We can just basically say image, that's network.
You can see this the short form and pass in that dynamic Facebook profile.
For two.
Right.
The key.
Okay.
Provide for this.
Profi.
Rule five foot two.
Okay.
None of the long courts is to say image.
So image.
You can see that it was the property image and you can see network.
Image.
Okay, it is the long form.
AK So any tank, is we just going to go with that?
Image.
That's what network.
Okay.
Now for the source within the past in the profile footer.
Later when we call called that's.
Function going to need to pass on the value to.
Okay.
Now what we can do is add a useful finesse to save.
Now, this image, that network as a property in the last few years, you're going to see BuzzFeed's.
BuzzFeed's that cover.
What this would do is it will make the image covers the entire container.
Okay.
Great.
And.
Now we can then or.
That's.
Okay.
So all we can do now is uncomment this.
And for the child is going to be now the dude.
Music.
Hopefully this is a spelling album and it was an easy tip.
Image rights.
Or it was a network image.
We can see.
It was a network image.
You can see the image of the network.
So we need to pass in something to Zippy and so on.
But what we can do, since we don't have it now, we can just type four five footer.
So we know later we're going to need to parse that.
Okay.
How did you know you're going to get an error and this error is going to crash.
You'll have no notice of that from crashing.
You'll have all you can do is go to this and you're going to see something like this.
Make sure you check this.
All the sessions are called exceptions.
Just make sure you check everything away.
But you're still going to get that error.
But this time around is going to get thrown at your the book to read off from crashing you'll have okay
so this is basically it.
And now we can haaz we start this.
Or to start this.
Or three stages.
Or two stages and.
And.
And and okay that's going to take some time to reload the have.
Okay.
Okay, okay.
It's not.
Take us now.
It's okay.
You can sit.
You can see it over here.
Okay.
Now all we can do is.
Now, what's the key?
You can see over here is going to explain this for you again.
Over here we have.
The size box.
The size box is generally for this of a year.
And we're giving the heart to 60 and we to 60.
And this is basically what you're saying over and over.
We have a concern that as well, given the container width of 50 and the height of 50, this 50, we
are offensive.
But with this 50, my friend, about this, the 54, the image, the key, more like we are happy on
the six again inside this top circle.
I don't know if you understand this, but later on I think you can understand this.
Okay, now you can visibly get rid of all this and just do it.
Copy of it in the way.
And it ends here, and you just.
Get rid of this.
Gets rid of this, right?
And his state is still going to be the same thing.
But there's sort of this.
We can just go ahead and.
Tell the network in marriage and dramatic food and see the dissenting voice just to make our code more
concise so we don't feel this created with loss of quotes.
That's why we needed to create its.
Over.
Over a year right now, in case you see this and other causes, you should then be able to understand.
Okay.
Okay, guys, I think this is basically it seems good, right?
See the structure?